would have a hard time sitting through this one
have a hard time sitting through this one
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
trouble every day is a plodding mess .
is a plodding mess
plodding mess
could hate it for the same reason
hate it
hate
is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
a self-indulgent script
there 's very little sense to what 's going on here ,
avoid
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
` fatal script error
fatal script error
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
of narrative banality
bad
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point
honestly , i do n't see the point
clunky tv-movie approach
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
is just an overexposed waste of film
an overexposed waste of film
an overexposed waste
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
run for your lives !
run for your lives
makes your teeth hurt
its generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb- other than their funny accents -rrb- and the action scenes are poorly delivered
its generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb- other than their funny accents -rrb- and
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
endless assault
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
impossible
goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
directed , barely ,
's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
lazy for a movie
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
scarcely worth a mention
scarcely worth
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
those crass , contrived sequels
crass , contrived sequels
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
fails
's not a particularly good film
is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being
takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
do n't like
another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
cheap
violent , vulgar and forgettably
vulgar
at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this
hard to say who might enjoy this
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and
poor editing , bad bluescreen
bad bluescreen
completely misses its emotions
failing , ultimately ,
failing , ultimately
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
stale and uninspired .
and uninspired .
uninspired .
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
could force you to scratch a hole in your head
you to scratch a hole in your head
convoluted
violence
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
unfocused
dull
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
with an utterly incompetent conclusion
an utterly incompetent conclusion
utterly incompetent conclusion
utterly incompetent
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
plainly dull and visually ugly
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
corny dialogue and preposterous moments
preposterous
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
is capped with pointless extremes
capped with pointless extremes
with pointless extremes
pointless
be disappointed
never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
can depress you about life itself
depress you
smug self-satisfaction
pomposity and pretentiousness
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
depressing
depraved
the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place ,
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place
a superfluous sequel
superfluous sequel
by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
of ` let 's get this thing over with
a familiar anti-feminist equation -lrb- career - kids = misery -rrb- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
romantic-comedy duds
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek
a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story
a recycled and dumbed-down version
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
the experience of staring at a blank screen
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
more confused , less interesting and more
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
plotting and mindless
all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
be me : fighting off the urge to doze
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and
of very bad scouse accents
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
hollow at its emotional core
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had
black-and-white and unrealistic .
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
largely bogus story
bogus story
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
the franchise 's best years are long past
small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
the jokes are flat ,
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
just such a dungpile
such a dungpile
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
flinging their feces
their feces
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
sounds like horrible poetry .
horrible
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
a vile , incoherent mess
vile , incoherent mess
vile , incoherent
... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome .
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg
scummy ripoff
ripoff
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
, ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it
just does n't cut it
arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
-lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceived movie .
is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears ' first movie
a dreary movie .
dreary movie .
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
shallow and glib
-lrb- allen 's -rrb- been making piffle for a long while ,
his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
look like cheap hysterics
uneven performances and a spotty script
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
irritating soul-searching garbage .
irritating
soul-searching garbage .
garbage .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
disappointingly thin
disappointingly
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
dreadful
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
this painfully forced , false and fabricated
painfully forced , false and fabricated
painfully
a relative letdown .
relative letdown .
letdown
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed ,
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed
joyless
idiotic
, annoying , heavy-handed
annoying
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
visually atrocious
atrocious
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
of the most highly-praised disappointments i
disappointments
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
is abhorrent to you
abhorrent
be more like hell
hell
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
an unsophisticated
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy ,
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy
stupid ,
stupid
infantile , redundant , sloppy
redundant , sloppy
, sloppy
sloppy
over-the-top , and amateurish .
over-the-top , and amateurish
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
terribly
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
ill-conceived and expensive project
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs
is shallow , offensive and redundant ,
is shallow , offensive and redundant
offensive and redundant
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors ,
trash
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and
failed
winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
two guys yelling in your face for two hours
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties
a 95-minute commercial
95-minute commercial
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
that manages to do virtually everything wrong
manages to do virtually everything wrong
do virtually everything wrong
sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
anyone who suffers through this film
walked away from this new version of e.t.
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
-lrb- carvey 's -rrb- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
-rrb- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
both overplayed and exaggerated
overplayed and exaggerated
double-barreled rip-off
rip-off
frustratingly refuses to give pinochet 's crimes a political context
crimes
nightmare
the incessant use
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient
characteristically engorged and sloppy
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans
begins as a seven rip-off
an extremely unpleasant film .
an extremely unpleasant film
extremely unpleasant film
extremely unpleasant
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
the pile of useless actioners
mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
mtv schmucks
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
this overproduced piece of dreck
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
shockingly bad
flawed , compromised and sad
it comes off as annoying rather than charming
comes off as annoying rather than charming
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted
crude humor and vulgar innuendo
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
a badly handled screenplay
badly handled screenplay
seem disappointing in its generalities
disappointing
unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
the poor acting
poor acting
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
directed the film from the back of a taxicab
to the point of nausea
the point of nausea
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
an unbelievably stupid film
unbelievably stupid
this crude ,
this crude
` this movie sucks . '
sucks . '
sucks .
sucks
done-to-death material
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course
long and tedious
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
, queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
pointless , meandering
tortured
boring
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
, i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
wreaked
is seriously compromised by that
frustration
flawed but rather unexceptional
unexceptional
the most excruciating 86 minutes one
most excruciating 86 minutes one
most excruciating
excruciating
involve a dentist drill
so-bad-they
in this jumbled mess
this jumbled mess
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine .
some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine
just unlikable .
unlikable
the next big thing 's not-so-big -lrb- and not-so-hot -rrb-
overly long
ca n't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
up as the worst kind of hubristic folly
the worst kind of hubristic folly
worst kind
worst
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
are served with a hack script
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief
an insultingly inept and artificial examination
insultingly inept and artificial
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
a tired , unnecessary retread ...
a tired , unnecessary retread
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
could n't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige 's cape
it 's just rather leaden and dull .
leaden and dull
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
which is way too stagy
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock
an 88-minute rip-off of the rock
an 88-minute rip-off
88-minute rip-off
can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch
's a terrible movie in every regard , and
's a terrible movie in every regard ,
's a terrible movie in every regard
a terrible movie in every regard
a terrible movie
utterly painful to watch
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless
in other words , it 's badder than bad .
, it 's badder than bad .
it 's badder than bad .
's badder than bad
badder than bad
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
other than fling gags at it
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
so boring
talked all the way through it
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
is doa .
is doa
too bland and
, longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
, contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
interminable , shapeless documentary
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
unrepentantly trashy
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and
pretend like your sat scores are below 120
has failed him
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
find it uninteresting
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
burn the negative and the script and
burn the negative and the script
pretend the whole thing never existed
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
offensive and nothing at all like real life
tiresome love triangles
lack depth or complexity ,
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality
squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story
minac drains his movie of all individuality
scream low budget
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
a muddled limp biscuit
achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
white-trash
starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
runs out of steam after a half hour .
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
simply not funny performers
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
more of the same old garbage
of the same old garbage
the same old garbage
same old garbage
old garbage
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
execrable .
execrable
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
's nothing very attractive about this movie
the unacceptable ,
the unacceptable
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel -lrb- about schmidt -rrb- and an old payne screenplay .
a frustrating patchwork :
frustrating
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
is messy , murky , unsatisfying
messy , murky , unsatisfying
messy , murky ,
messy , murky
unsatisfying
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
interminably bleak
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
the worst thing
worst thing
slack complacency
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
disappointing and meandering
's in the action scenes that things fall apart
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes
is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying
crude film
-lrb- a -rrb- mess
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
trailer-trash style .
trailer-trash style
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
a fifty car pileup of cliches
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
pitiful , slapdash disaster .
, slapdash disaster .
slapdash disaster
disaster
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
, a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
leave you wanting to abandon the theater
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
you 're desperate for the evening to end .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
dead-end distaste
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
a giant step backward for a director i admire
a giant step backward
some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends
see the same old thing in a tired old setting
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ,
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
an uncomfortable movie ,
an uncomfortable movie
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
morbid
the lousy john q
lousy
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
collateral damage is trash ,
collateral damage is trash
is trash
skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
in jerry bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
good intentions leads to the video store
bile
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
have worn threadbare .
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
horrid little propaganda film
nearly as dreadful as expected
nearly as dreadful
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film
easy to make such a worthless film
such a worthless film
a worthless film
worthless
drowns in sap .
the film would be a total washout .
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours -lrb- and , for that matter , shrek -rrb- .
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- at least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature
comes across as lame and sophomoric
lame and sophomoric
lame
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
this disappointed by a movie in a long time
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people
an incredibly irritating comedy
incredibly irritating comedy
embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
none of this is very original , and
none of this is very original
devoid of wit and humor
thin writing proves its undoing
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
a weak script
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
indulges in the worst elements of all of them
that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
illness
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
highly uneven and inconsistent ...
highly uneven and inconsistent
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course
... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
the bottom of the barrel
hard-to-swallow premise
my own minority report is that it stinks .
is that it stinks .
it stinks
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
from the dullest science fiction
dullest science fiction
unfulfilling
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
incredibly dated and unfunny
dated and unfunny
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
bore
there 's no real reason to see it ,
there 's no real reason to see it
's no real reason to see it
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours
hate el crimen del padre amaro because it 's anti-catholic
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
the worst film
worst film
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
as predictable as the tides
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
, the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination ,
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination
negativity
smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
, artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
ill-constructed and fatally overlong
ill-constructed
fatally overlong
it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
pious , preachy soap opera
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep
audience falls asleep
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
artsy and often pointless
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
a disappointment
disappointment
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
, it 'll only put you to sleep .
it 'll only put you to sleep .
'll only put you to sleep .
'll only put you to sleep
truly terrible .
truly terrible
`` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ,
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
-lrb- hopkins -rrb- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
hopkins -rrb- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
a confusing melange of tones and styles ,
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
lots of boring talking heads , etc.
boring talking heads , etc.
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i
of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i
, unimaginative
an unendurable viewing experience
unendurable viewing experience
unendurable
mostly fool 's gold
like a made-for-home-video quickie
made-for-home-video quickie
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
press the delete key .
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
leaves him shooting blanks
i wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ...
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
half-baked setups and
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
, eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
, spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
unmemorable
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
secondhand material
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
me no lika da accents so good
is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
, do n't bother .
like lint in a fat man 's navel
flick that scalds like acid
that scalds like acid
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
posing as a real movie .
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
a crass and insulting homage to great films
crass and insulting homage
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
close to losing my lunch
to losing my lunch
losing my lunch
a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
poorly written , murky and weakly acted
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
too stupid
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
labute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
churn out one mediocre movie after another
churn out one mediocre movie
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly
an astonishingly witless script
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences ,
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
bears out as your typical junkie opera
we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minutes , and
we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minutes ,
we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minutes
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
feels like a prison stretch .
feels like a prison stretch
'd rather listen to old tori amos records
covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
the phony baloney movie biz
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
bitter
, the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
control-alt-delete simone as quickly
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .
nothing overly original
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
so sloppily written and
remarkably dull with only caine
run-of-the-mill revulsion
revulsion
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ,
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring
awfully
racism
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ;
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
idiots
insufferable movie
insufferable
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
perhaps the grossest movie
grossest movie
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
it does n't even seem like she tried .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget
half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie
we have a bad , bad , bad movie
a bad , bad , bad movie
, bad , bad movie
bad , bad movie
bad movie
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
, i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere
an annoying orgy
that has no point and goes nowhere
has no point and goes nowhere
has no point and
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .
sucked
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
is nothing redeeming about this movie
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
violent and mindless
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
is virtually unwatchable .
is virtually unwatchable
virtually unwatchable
unwatchable
caffeinated , sloppy
you wish had been developed with more care
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick
mundane '70s
perfectly bland
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
forgettable
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
-lrb- but -rrb- there is n't much about k-19 that 's unique or memorable .
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
too much exploitation and
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
a sour little movie
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive
unbearable
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
wretchedly unfunny wannabe
unfunny wannabe
is inane and awful
inane and awful
no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
, it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
the worst movie
worst movie
cowardly
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
short of both adventure and song
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
the hastily and amateurishly
plodding , peevish and gimmicky
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
is downright doltish and uneventful
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor
he has severe body odor
has severe body odor
severe body odor
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .
crap
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
with little visible talent and no energy
little visible talent and no energy
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
a mess
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
to see who can out-bad-act the other
see who can out-bad-act the other
out-bad-act the other
may be a flawed film
a flawed film
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film
painfully slow cliche-ridden film
painfully slow
cliche-ridden film
with more holes than clyde barrow 's car
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
, lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature
its tragic waste of life
its tragic waste
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film
an ugly , revolting movie
ugly , revolting movie
ugly , revolting
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ,
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game
even more ludicrous
ludicrous
a personal low for everyone involved
a personal low
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
bad ideas and awkwardness
believe that a life like this can sound so dull
sound so dull
so dull
, you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake
avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake
dismiss barbershop out of hand
but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
proves simply too discouraging to let slide
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
so bland
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
shallow and immature character
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
with a lower i.q. than when i had entered
a lower i.q. than when i had entered
a lower i.q.
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
fails to rise above its disgusting source material
its disgusting source material
disgusting source material
disgusting
blandly go where we went 8 movies ago
put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
it 's still terrible !
's still terrible !
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
much worse than bland
worse than bland
a nightmare
the sad schlock merchant
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
's because relatively nothing happens .
relatively nothing happens
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
difficult , endless
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
it 's so laddish and juvenile
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
nary an original idea
the achingly unfunny phonce
a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
, the disparate elements do n't gel
the worst comedy of the year
the worst comedy
worst comedy
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and
mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
of virtually plotless meanderings
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
this turd squashed
turd
big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
really goes downhill .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
supremely unfunny and unentertaining
unfunny and
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
is almost entirely witless and inane ,
almost entirely witless and inane ,
entirely witless and inane ,
entirely witless and inane
entirely witless and
entirely witless
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
is so bad
seeing because it 's so bad
because it 's so bad
at its worst
its worst
is stiff or just plain bad
stiff or just plain bad
just plain bad
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company ,
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company
bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company
the worst film of the year .
the worst film of the year
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
pass this stinker off
this stinker
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera
's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
crippled
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
is n't even a movie
exploitative
a complete waste of time
a complete waste
complete waste
been told and retold
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
an extremely flat lead performance
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
it 's just merely very bad .
's just merely very bad .
's just merely very bad
merely very bad
you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
lowered your entertainment standards
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
incoherence and redundancy
the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
certainly ca n't recommend it
ca n't recommend it
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
the worst
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
kiddie fantasy pablum
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot ,
drab and inert
drab
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
... unlike -lrb- scorsese 's mean streets -rrb- , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience
murder by numbers ' is n't a great movie ,
murder by numbers ' is n't a great movie
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into
really as bad as you might think
saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
, derrida is all but useless
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
a bland , pretentious mess .
, pretentious mess .
pretentious mess .
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
far less endearing disabilities
as rude and profane as ever ,
rude and profane
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
, i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ...
bruised
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year
is horrible
looks and feels tired
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music
a long , dull procession of despair ,
a long , dull procession of despair
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
a dud --
a dud
that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence
this one feels like a life sentence
most devastating flaw
devastating
is precious little of either .
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
skip this turd and
skip this turd
this turd
pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
pick your nose instead
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance --
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance
achieves ultimate insignificance
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
schmaltzy and clumsily
there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is --
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour
vulgar , sexist , racist humour
vulgar , sexist
racist
how low brow it is
none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
decidedly unoriginal
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
boring and meandering .
boring and
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
he runs around and acts like a doofus
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
rubbish
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything
listless , witless , and devoid of anything
listless , witless , and
listless , witless ,
, windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material
-lrb- the kid 's -rrb- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow
foolish and shallow
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
is completely lacking in charm and charisma
is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
cold , sterile and lacking
mindless and boring
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
zero compelling storyline
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under siege
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
genre a bad name
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
no charm , no laughs , no fun ,
no charm , no laughs , no fun
no charm , no laughs ,
no charm , no laughs
no reason to watch
choppy
sucker
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
a phlegmatic bore ,
phlegmatic bore
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
of fools who saw quentin tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
collapses into an inhalant blackout
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
... a pretentious mess ...
a pretentious mess ...
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
just plain crap
plain crap
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte
a beyond-lame satire ,
a beyond-lame satire
teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
the most pitiful directing
, empty sub-music video style
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production
is : ` scooby ' do n't .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old
did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
every bad action-movie line in history
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
that 's 86 minutes too long
86 minutes too long
laughably , irredeemably awful .
, irredeemably awful .
irredeemably awful .
irredeemably awful
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break
i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
a loud , witless mess
witless mess
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series
an empty , purposeless exercise .
an empty , purposeless
fat , dumb
, dumb
hate yourself
deadly dull
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
contrived , overblown and tie-in ready
contrived , overblown and tie-in
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
, and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
're left with a sour taste in your mouth
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and
spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
just die already
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
is why i have given it a one-star rating .
is why i have given it a one-star rating
why i have given it a one-star rating
have given it a one-star rating
given it a one-star rating
a one-star rating
one-star rating
one-star
, there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around
be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence
of bad animation and mindless violence
-lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel ...
-lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel
-lrb- a -rrb- soulless ,
stupid sequel
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness
lousy tarantino imitations
, here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
freakshow
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix
sickly sweet
left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth
has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints :
its shortness disappoints
disappoints
this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity .
loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow
mind-numbingly stilted
pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
killed my father
errors
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
: it 's not scary in the slightest .
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
that special annex of hell
bottom-of-the-bill
that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama
it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama
an apartheid drama
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
too loud , too goofy and too short
does n't deserve a passing grade -lrb- even on a curve -rrb- .
does n't deserve a passing grade -lrb- even on a curve -rrb-
do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .
the scripters do n't deserve any oscars
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -lrb- including mine -rrb- on something very inconsequential .
wasted a lot of their time -lrb- including mine -rrb- on something very inconsequential
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
is hugely overwritten ,
is hugely overwritten
hugely overwritten
enough said , except : film overboard !
completely forgettable
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
insult the intelligence of everyone
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
is flavorless
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
weak and ineffective
without a conclusion or pay off
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
thriller as lazy as it is interminable
is the first film i 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -lrb- or be entertained by -rrb- .
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
, the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
is a deeply unpleasant experience .
is a deeply unpleasant experience
a deeply unpleasant experience
deeply unpleasant experience
deeply unpleasant
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
being bored
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass
this obscenely bad dark comedy ,
obscenely bad dark comedy
obscenely bad
the tuxedo was n't just bad ;
the tuxedo was n't just bad
was n't just bad
just bad
it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad '
` hungry-man portions of bad '
hungry-man portions of bad
, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
nasty
the result is disappointing
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
dopey dialogue and
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely ,
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny ,
unlikable , uninteresting ,
unlikable , uninteresting
the crassness of this reactionary thriller
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
the ridiculousness of its premise
none of this is meaningful or memorable ,
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises
to absurd lengths
absurd lengths
i 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
self-mutilating sideshow geeks
is doomed by its smallness
doomed
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever
there 's already been too many of these films ...
with a stuttering script
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
shoddy product
shoddy
yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
seems suited neither to kids or adults
poorly scripted , preachy fable
poorly scripted ,
meaningless
confusing and horrifying vision
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ...
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
a rambling and incoherent manifesto
rambling and incoherent manifesto
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
's unfocused and tediously exasperating
tediously exasperating
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
should be punishable by chainsaw
and a terrible story
a terrible story
terrible story
terrorist attacks
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
more tiring than anything
tiring
often boring .
all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems
an impenetrable and insufferable ball
impenetrable and insufferable ball
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
fall fast asleep
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .
is also as unoriginal
come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel
, long-suffering but cruel
plain silly .
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
a fudged opportunity
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
slowed down by a stroke
it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life
with this silly little puddle of a movie
this silly little puddle of a movie
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
miss it altogether
, i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
painfully redundant and inauthentic
inauthentic
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff
believe anyone would really buy this stuff
it 's plotless , shapeless --
it 's plotless , shapeless
's plotless , shapeless
plotless , shapeless
entirely humorless
humorless
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious ,
drags , underscoring the obvious
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
quickly forgettable
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
the movie 's failings
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
stop buying tickets
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
wastes an exceptionally good idea
hated myself in the morning
hated myself
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell
terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
terribly obvious
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
terrible .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
is unconvincing
steals
confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film ,
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment
inhuman cinematic punishment
cinematic punishment
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb-
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
misfire that even tunney ca n't save
emaciated flick
last year 's lame musketeer
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
the master of disguise is awful .
is awful .
is awful
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
infuriating
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears
me want to pack raw dough in my ears
pack raw dough in my ears
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest
bad action movie
is grotesque and boring
grotesque
, uneventful
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
has run its course
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
for a bad film
a bad film
bad film
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory
fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
pompous
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
disappoint
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
yet another tired old vision
another tired old vision
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
sick and demented humor
sick and demented
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
is painfully formulaic and stilted
painfully formulaic and stilted
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
this insipid , brutally clueless film
insipid , brutally clueless film
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
spent watching this waste of time .
spent watching this waste of time
watching this waste of time
this waste of time
the insinuation of mediocre acting
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender --
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
one of the worst movies of the year .
of the worst movies of the year
worst movies
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
soulless techno-tripe
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good
just that it 's so not-at-all-good
that it 's so not-at-all-good
it 's so not-at-all-good
's so not-at-all-good
so not-at-all-good
not-at-all-good
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
stuffy , full of itself
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
that it 's hardly watchable
it 's hardly watchable
's hardly watchable
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
did n't have an original bone in his body
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter
ick '
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
than this hastily dubbed disaster
the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
to despairingly awful
despairingly awful
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
grows on you -- like a rash .
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
contrived , nonsensical and formulaic
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast
it gets very ugly , very fast
very ugly , very fast
very ugly
but undernourished and plodding .
loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
to joyless special-effects excess
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
nauseating
-lrb- davis -rrb- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
a quick-buck sequel
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
a sentimental mess that never rings true
pompous and garbled .
pompous and garbled
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
a depressingly retrograde
depressingly retrograde
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
astonishingly condescending attitude
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity
mayhem and stupidity
, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
is frustratingly unconvincing .
frustratingly unconvincing
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .
misguided
silly -- and gross --
gross
as moronic as some campus gross-out films
as moronic as some campus
moronic as some campus
moronic
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
and poorly-constructed comedy
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but
car-wreck
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
ranges from bad
, low-key , 102-minute infomercial
, 102-minute infomercial
potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
, contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
long and relentlessly saccharine film
long and relentlessly saccharine
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
film that loses sight of its own story .
loses sight of its own story
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
get paid enough to sit through crap like this
paid enough to sit through crap like this
sit through crap like this
through crap like this
crap like this
, this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
where 's the movie here ?
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
unspeakably , unbearably dull
unbearably dull
, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
both shallow and dim-witted
shallow and dim-witted
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
to dumb down the universe
is a truly , truly bad movie
a truly , truly bad movie
truly , truly bad
, truly bad
truly bad
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
, it actually hurts to watch .
it actually hurts to watch .
actually hurts to watch .
potentially trite and overused
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
, wannabe-hip crime comedy
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ,
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull
its committed dumbness
committed dumbness
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
the sheer ugliness
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
'' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
tortuous
... hypnotically dull .
hypnotically dull .
are less than adorable
it 's pauly shore awful .
's pauly shore awful .
's pauly shore awful
pauly shore awful
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note :
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note
, the acting is robotically italicized ,
, the movie is rather choppy .
comedy death
a movie without an apparent audience
... overly melodramatic ...
are terribly wasted .
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year
adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film
possibly the worst film
only so much baked cardboard i need to chew
only so much baked cardboard
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
know the picture is in trouble .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
is a film living far too much in its own head
a film living far too much in its own head
living far too much in its own head
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
loose , unaccountable direction
is technically sophisticated in the worst way
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb-
find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb-
unattractive or odorous
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine
gags and
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
, in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
, luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine
uni-dimensional nonsense machine
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
it drags during its 112-minute length
drags during its 112-minute length
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip
delivers the same old bad trip
, windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
aggravating and tedious .
aggravating and tedious
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos
induces headaches
, this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
it lacks in outright newness
of this worn-out , pandering palaver
this worn-out , pandering palaver
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
greatest mistake
is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
a flop
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
the needlessly poor quality
needlessly poor quality
poor quality
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is
to camouflage how bad his movie is
camouflage how bad his movie is
how bad his movie is
pathetic
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves .
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves
are rolling over in their graves
rolling over in their graves
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
pure over-the-top trash
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
, too mediocre to love .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ,
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
jerky
wearisome
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
, harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
into a deadly bore
a deadly bore
deadly bore
is a mess .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ,
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation
the long , dishonorable history
long , dishonorable history
there 's no energy .
, crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs
ice age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life
call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
from largely flat and uncreative moments
slow , silly and unintentionally
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
a terrible adaptation
terrible adaptation
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
between farcical and loathsome
farcical and loathsome
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
icky
leaves something to be desired .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
a bad movie that
a bad movie
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ,
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
uncompelling
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy ,
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious
the acting is amateurish ,
the cinematography is atrocious
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
skip the film and
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
is one baaaaaaaaad movie
one baaaaaaaaad movie
baaaaaaaaad movie
baaaaaaaaad
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
cliches , painful improbability and murky
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
it never comes close to being either funny or scary
never comes close to being either funny or scary
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
fall dreadfully short
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
is so prolonged and boring
so prolonged and boring
prolonged and boring
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
the barn-burningly bad movie
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
in this pretentious mess
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
distasteful and downright creepy
distasteful
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
yielded such a flat , plodding picture
such a flat , plodding picture
plodding picture
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
drag it down to mediocrity --
drag it down to mediocrity
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
do justice to the awfulness of the movie ,
do justice to the awfulness of the movie
to the awfulness of the movie
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative
ultimately insignificant
that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
when human hatred spews forth unchecked
human hatred spews forth unchecked
spews forth unchecked
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
a boring movie
boring man
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
bad at a fraction the budget
cliches and pat storytelling
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
into an excruciating film
an excruciating film
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
seagal ran out of movies years ago ,
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
totally unnecessary prologue
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
not smart
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them
many definitions of ` time waster '
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -lrb- denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
-rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
little sticky and unsatisfied
the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
is one big , dumb action movie .
is one big , dumb action movie
, dumb action movie
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema
imagine -lrb- if possible -rrb- a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .
imagine -lrb- if possible -rrb- a pasolini film without passion or politics
without beauty or humor
blasphemous and nonsensical
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
has a tired , talky feel .
to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
how horrible
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
genres that just does n't work
would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
sluggish , tonally uneven .
tonally uneven
downer
nothing new
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
for the most part , the film is deadly dull
, the film is deadly dull
the film is deadly dull
is deadly dull
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
the worst titles in recent cinematic history
the worst titles
worst titles
, ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ;
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting
terrible , banal dialogue ;
, hole-ridden plotting
rather dull , unimaginative car chase
rather dull , unimaginative
dull , unimaginative
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master
putrid writing , direction and timing
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture
, like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
a waste
bore most audiences
star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
lackluster at best
the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
with the sloppy slapstick comedy
like a mere disease-of - the-week tv movie
a mere disease-of - the-week tv movie
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
a really bad imitation
really bad imitation
really bad
the really bad blair witch project
really bad blair witch project
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
a very depressing movie
very depressing movie
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
bad idea
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
a stupid , derivative horror film
stupid , derivative horror film
all this contrived nonsense a bit
contrived nonsense
k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
a rather poor imitation
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
a stumblebum
bloody sunday lacks in clarity
pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
long bore .
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
it were any more of a turkey
discomfort and embarrassment
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -lrb- dark green , to be exact -rrb- , sour , bloody and mean
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
to create images you wish you had n't seen
you wish you had n't seen
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
a truly annoying pitch
truly annoying pitch
the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol
seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol
made under the influence of rohypnol
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
comes off as a pale successor .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
extremely bad .
extremely bad
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
it 's obvious -lrb- je-gyu is -rrb- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
to the point of ridiculousness
the point of ridiculousness
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
a disaster of a story
a disaster
full of holes and completely lacking in chills
holes and completely lacking in chills
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
inane , humorless and under-inspired
under-inspired
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
a huge disappointment coming , as it does ,
a huge disappointment coming
huge disappointment coming
disappointment coming
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
, virulently unpleasant excuse
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel ,
humorless , self-conscious art drivel
humorless ,
self-conscious art drivel
without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
that 's just too boring and obvious
's just too boring and obvious
too boring and obvious
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad
and artistically inept
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is
it 's a loathsome movie ,
it 's a loathsome movie
a loathsome movie
loathsome movie
it makes absolutely no sense
makes absolutely no sense
is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
absurdities and inconsistencies
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
too stagey , talky
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
the thing just never gets off the ground .
just never gets off the ground .
never gets off the ground .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally
has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --
is just as boring and as obvious
one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
saddest action hero performances
saddest
artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
stupid and pointless
merely -lrb- and literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
-lrb- and literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
through this mess
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
the film is not entirely successful
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
, do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
because they 're clueless and inept
're clueless and inept
by that measure , it is a failure .
, it is a failure .
it is a failure .
is a failure .
is a failure
a failure
failure
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
a sour taste in one 's mouth ,
being surprisingly dull
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
the film seems as deflated as he does
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
90 punitive minutes
lacking about everything
to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
derailed by bad writing
bad writing
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
from this choppy and sloppy affair
this choppy and sloppy affair
choppy and sloppy
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
he needs to pull his head out of his butt
needs to pull his head out of his butt
pull his head out of his butt
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
derived from a lobotomy
milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
manages to be even worse than its title
to be even worse than its title
be even worse than its title
even worse than its title
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of
the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of
most depressing movie-going experiences
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john
be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
, inconsistent , dishonest
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
the fact that it is n't very good
it is n't very good
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile ,
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
so graceless and devoid
is oppressively heavy .
oppressively heavy
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ,
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
trash-cinema
bludgeoning the audience over the head
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries
the material is so second-rate
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess
pair that with really poor comedic writing ...
that with really poor comedic writing
a huge mess
huge mess
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless
ugly and mindless
an awful snooze .
awful snooze .
snooze
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber
is a little like chewing whale blubber
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times
tiresomely simpleminded
explosions , sadism and seeing people
a sense-of-humour failure
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
go down with a ship as leaky as this
go down with a ship as leaky
own staggeringly unoriginal terms
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
this thing is just garbage .
is just garbage .
is just garbage
monotony
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
stinks from start
like a wet burlap sack of gloom
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
veered off too far into the exxon zone , and
looking for a return ticket
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
super-stupid
-lrb- n -rrb- o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
folds under its own thinness
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
resolutely unamusing ,
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
thoroughly unrewarding all of this
unrewarding
eckstraordinarily lame and severely
dramatically lackluster .
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
while howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through
, the movie would be impossible to sit through
be impossible to sit through
impossible to sit through
wastes its time on mood rather than
wastes its time
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors
a half-assed film .
half-assed film .
paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
is repulsive and depressing
repulsive and depressing
repulsive and
repulsive
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
toss it at the screen in frustration
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute
bland , obnoxious 88-minute
, obnoxious 88-minute
obnoxious 88-minute
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
share no chemistry or engaging charisma
no chemistry or engaging charisma
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
stale plot and pornographic way
does n't work because there is no foundation for it
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
disgusted
the lazy material and
the lazy material
relatively flavorless
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
-lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
-lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
an appalling ,
appalling ,
appalling
odoriferous thing
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
rotten in almost every single facet of production
that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
an uncomfortable experience
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb-
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb-
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity
sabotaged by pomposity
, steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
emerges as a numbingly dull experience
as a numbingly dull experience
numbingly dull experience
numbingly dull
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
boring , pretentious
all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
ca n't quite live up to it
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
a terrible film
terrible film
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
pedestrian , flat drama
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that
a long , unfunny one
unfunny one
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
, it 's too long and unfocused .
it 's too long and unfocused .
's too long and unfocused
too long and unfocused
long and unfocused
further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
his storytelling skills have eroded
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
a cheap scam
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
93 minutes of unrecoverable life
unrecoverable
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit
for the toilet and scores a direct hit
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
so distasteful
is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
than this facetious smirk of a movie
its story was making no sense at all
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
's not nearly enough that 's right
that there 's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff
there 's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff
no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch
, it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
's one of the worst of the entire franchise
of the worst of the entire franchise
the worst of the entire franchise
we never feel anything for these characters
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
as bored
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
a bad run
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
this distinguished actor would stoop so low
it has its faults ,
however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
muddled , trashy and
little wit and no surprises
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
painfully flat
bean drops the ball too many times ...
bean drops the ball too many times
drops the ball
grating and tedious
utter mush ... conceited pap .
utter mush ... conceited pap
utter mush ...
utter mush
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
instantly forgettable and
instantly forgettable
thoroughly dull
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end
this overlong infomercial ,
this overlong infomercial
overlong infomercial
the film is way too full of itself ;
, amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .
pointless , tasteless and idiotic
refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
to the bitter end
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single
a sleep-inducing thriller
sleep-inducing thriller
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy ,
otherwise appalling
's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
mind crappy movies
crappy
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters
its delivery is a complete mess
a complete mess
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
a whole lot of nada
who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
, you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
worst -- and only -- killer website movie
worst -- and only --
not a movie make
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
low , very low , very very low
contains no wit , only labored gags .
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
forgets to make it entertaining
spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio
you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
even though i could not stand them
i could not stand them
where nothing really happens
's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
annoyance
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff ,
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
there 's no real sense of suspense , and
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
it 's loud and boring
loud and boring
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
like being trapped at a bad rock concert
a chiller resolutely without chills .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
was vile enough .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain
begin to long for the end credits
contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
contains very few laughs and even less surprises
very few laughs and even less surprises
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film
watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
tired , predictable
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
waste of time , money and celluloid
cringe
... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
preposterous , prurient
-lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting
victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and
victim to sloppy plotting
to sloppy plotting
an insultingly unbelievable final act
insultingly unbelievable final act
it 's wasted yours
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
empty , fetishistic violence
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
a glossy knock-off
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
just how bad it was
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''
the most horrific movie experience
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't -
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita ''
is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling
it does n't make for great cinema
does n't make for great cinema
depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
is really , really stupid .
really , really stupid
really stupid
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about
takes a really long , slow and dreary time
really long , slow and dreary time
long , slow and dreary
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
shallow , noisy and pretentious
child abuse
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
how inept is serving sara ?
yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
as pedestrian as they come .
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie
i last walked out on a movie
walked out on a movie
walked out
earned my indignant , preemptive departure
bad choice
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
dime-store psychology
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
make 105 minutes seem twice as long
seem twice as long
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
saw how bad this movie was
how bad this movie was
, i would go back and choose to skip it .
i would go back and choose to skip it .
would go back and choose to skip it .
choose to skip it
skip it
it caved in
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs
the film is all over the place , really .
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
... feels as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
feels as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
feels as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
bad and baffling from the get-go .
bad and baffling from the get-go
bad and baffling
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures
an inept , tedious spoof
inept , tedious
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
the movie has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
, i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
shapeless inconsequential move
um , no.
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects
of last summer 's bloated effects
i ca n't recommend it .
ca n't recommend it .
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery
, mournfully brittle delivery
irritating -lrb- at least to this western ear -rrb- ,
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ,
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is meaningless , vapid and devoid
meaningless , vapid and devoid
in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
, can not overcome blah characters
blah characters
a film that does n't merit it
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
too ludicrous and borderline insulting
too ludicrous
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
incoherent jumble
degenerates into hogwash .
hogwash
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
a cheap , ludicrous attempt
cheap , ludicrous attempt
ludicrous attempt
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
so insanely stupid , so awful
so insanely stupid
insanely stupid
, you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
are too immature and unappealing to care about
too immature and unappealing to care about
immature and unappealing to care about
immature and unappealing
unappealing
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off
appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off
ace ventura ' rip-off
' rip-off
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
do n't even bother to rent this on video
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
he 's already done way too often
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
and -- sadly -- dull
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad ,
showboating wise-cracker stock persona
a great movie it is not
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
that perverse element
because we 've seen -lrb- eddie -rrb- murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
seen -lrb- eddie -rrb- murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
because the plot is equally hackneyed
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
, it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
's a bargain-basement european pickup
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
ugly and destructive
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king ,
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
most offensive thing
most offensive
expects people to pay to see it
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
i have to put up with 146 minutes of it
have to put up with 146 minutes of it
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula
sucked dry the undead action flick formula
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
talky , artificial and opaque
a tedious picture
meandering and confusing
is light , innocuous and unremarkable
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
, my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
many flaws
it would be easy for critics to shred it
the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
tiresome ugliness
it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
rendered tedious
by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
that its story just is n't worth telling
its story just is n't worth telling
just is n't worth telling
be shaking your head all the way to the credits
fails to entertain
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
that grew hideously twisted
hideously
the journey does n't really go anywhere .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year
of the biggest disappointments of the year
biggest disappointments
inferior
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
not very compelling or much fun
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
like a fragment of an underdone potato
an infuriating film .
infuriating film .
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
more of an ordeal than an amusement
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing
terminally bland , painfully slow and
terminally bland , painfully slow
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
is one reason it 's so lackluster .
it 's so lackluster
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film
so poorly plotted and scripted .
this movie 's lack of ideas
fairly disposable
the worst national lampoon film
's not particularly well made
the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
too predictable
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable
, incoherent , instantly disposable
incoherent , instantly disposable
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's producers -rrb- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's producers -rrb- do everything he can to look like a good guy
the following things are not at all entertaining
are not at all entertaining
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's producers -rrb- do everything he can to look like a good guy
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
cheap manipulation or corny conventions
corny conventions
to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels
that fails on so many levels
fails on so many levels
, it should pay reparations to viewers .
it should pay reparations to viewers .
pay reparations to viewers
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
its sleazy moralizing
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
bad enough
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh
only occasionally satirical and never fresh
never fresh
for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
, caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
eminently forgettable
lazy , miserable and smug .
lazy , miserable and smug
miserable and
miserable
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
dumb gags , anatomical humor ,
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
shot on ugly digital video .
shot on ugly digital video
stalking
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas ,
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
so badly made on every level
badly made on every level
i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
cheap-shot mediocrity
at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather
, fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
it slow , predictable and not very amusing
slow , predictable and not very amusing
have to check your brain at the door
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
you should be able to find better entertainment .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -lrb- and no one -rrb-
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step
parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
full of cheesy dialogue
by labored writing and slack direction
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,
say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
of a cesspool
cesspool
is mostly a bore
annoying demeanour
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
brisk hack job .
both overstuffed and undernourished ... the film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time
both overstuffed and undernourished ...
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
this 90-minute dud
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
is often preachy and poorly acted
is often preachy and
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
miscast leads , banal dialogue and
miscast leads , banal dialogue
an absurdly overblown climax
so-bad-it
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
leave this loser
this loser
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
-lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment .
-lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment
like the excruciating end of days
excruciating end
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
a cinematic car wreck ,
a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall
tastelessness and
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
dumb and cheesy
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
hypnotically dull
, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half .
near-fatal mistake
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
ludicrous and contrived plot
ludicrous and contrived
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal
the script has less spice than a rat burger and
has less spice than a rat burger
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
ends so horrendously confusing
so horrendously confusing
horrendously confusing
thoroughly awful .
thoroughly awful
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie
another useless recycling
does n't add up to much .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
, stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film
a liability
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle ,
artless
see a better thriller
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down
analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down
in three words : thumbs friggin ' down
three words : thumbs friggin ' down
thumbs friggin ' down
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence
a disturbing disregard
could n't come up with a better script .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
entirely stale concept
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
's not very well shot or composed or edited
the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
overwrought and crudely literal
whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm -lrb- wo n't be an -rrb- exceedingly memorable one for most people
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
a bad sitcom
far from a groundbreaking endeavor
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
a finale that is impenetrable and dull
is impenetrable and dull
a bad movie , just mediocre
a bad movie ,
left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
's just plain boring
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,
the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing
you 'll cry for your money back .
'll cry for your money back .
cry for your money back
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
into a dreary , humorless soap opera
a dreary , humorless soap opera
dreary , humorless soap opera
humorless soap opera
for completely empty entertainment
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through
this is n't worth sitting through
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
gets violently gang-raped
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
besotted and obvious drama
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
itself is just sooooo tired .
is just sooooo tired
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious
an unbalanced mixture
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure .
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
come to term an `` ambitious failure
to term an `` ambitious failure
term an `` ambitious failure
an `` ambitious failure
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
it 's splash without the jokes .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ?
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight
with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight
nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight
a cinematic disaster
cinematic disaster
the price of admission for the ridicule factor
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
how ridiculous and money-oriented
ridiculous and money-oriented
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ...
plain old blarney
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface
he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
it dull , lifeless , and irritating
dull , lifeless , and irritating
dull , lifeless
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -lrb- and probably should have -rrb-
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
botches
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
years and years of costly analysis could never fix
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
mean-spirited film
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again
rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again
boring before i see this piece of crap again
before i see this piece of crap again
see this piece of crap again
see this piece of crap
this piece of crap
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
, sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
is even lazier and far less enjoyable
does n't add up to a whole lot
you thought was going to be really awful
going to be really awful
be really awful
really awful
pissed
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
, indescribably bad
indescribably bad
idiotic and ugly .
idiotic and ugly
idiotic and
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
bad in such a bizarre way
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
horribly depressing and not
horribly depressing and
horribly depressing
horribly
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
a terrible movie that some people
there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears
are n't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears
a glorified episode
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
, pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
pity anyone who sees this
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
codswallop
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch
is painful to watch
painful to watch
so stilted and unconvincing
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark ,
you wo n't like looking at it
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
the most moronic screenplays of the year ,
the most moronic screenplays of the year
most moronic screenplays
most moronic
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
to imagine acting that could be any flatter
acting that could be any flatter
knew what the hell was coming next
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
's plenty to offend everyone ...
in all of their pity and terror
it 's all surface psychodramatics .
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
characters who are nearly impossible to care about
nearly impossible to care about
fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
sloppy , made-for-movie
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
plotless collection of moronic stunts
is by far the worst movie of the year .
by far the worst movie of the year
far the worst movie
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
smug and convoluted
better off staying on the festival circuit
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
as plain and pedestrian as catsup
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
is a horrible movie --
is a horrible movie
a horrible movie
horrible movie
it were that grand a failure
that grand a failure
grand a failure
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up
an agonizing bore
agonizing bore
agonizing
for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
the most part a useless movie , even with
the most part a useless movie ,
a useless movie
useless movie
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
not-so-funny
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
spiritless , silly and monotonous
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem ,
going nowhere fast
another weepy southern bore-athon .
weepy southern bore-athon .
bore-athon .
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose
an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
utterly distracting blunder
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
blatant and sickening product placement
crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
will most likely doze off during this one .
doze off during this one
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
a tendency to sag in certain places
failure .
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't
a bad plot
bad plot
in crisis
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
, ` how can you charge money for this ? '
how can you charge money for this ? '
charge money for this ?
ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
no real narrative logic
the ending does n't work
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge
a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
a sad , soggy potboiler
, soggy potboiler
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
exploitative garbage
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
disdain
insufferably naive
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
drooling idiots
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
foreign mush
-lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
the worst kind of mythologizing ,
all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets
a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets
bitchy
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
a lame kiddie flick
lame kiddie flick
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
phony humility
grotesque narcissism
struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
never rises above superficiality .
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
as stiff , ponderous and charmless
stiff , ponderous and charmless
, ponderous and charmless
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
' should never have been brought out of hibernation
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
barely shocking , barely interesting and most
oo many of these gross
about as original as a gangster sweating
pushes its agenda too forcefully
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows
a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
wo n't enjoy the movie at all
if you go , pack your knitting needles .
pack your knitting needles .
pack your knitting needles
a major waste ... generic .
a major waste ... generic
a major waste ...
a major waste
major waste
the movie is a dud .
is a dud .
brought down by lousy direction .
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
so downbeat and nearly humorless
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
few things more frustrating
than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
marred beyond redemption
a disastrous ending
where the film ultimately fails
the film ultimately fails
ultimately fails
, it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
relentlessly nasty
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
-lrb- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -rrb-
rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
smutty
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
slapstick and unfunny tricks
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
bad clive barker movie
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
a failure of storytelling
the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
pungent
high-minded snoozer .
snoozer .
snoozer
hate it because it 's lousy .
hate it because it 's lousy
because it 's lousy
the gross-out comedy
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made
, quite simply , should n't have been made
, should n't have been made
the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''
uninteresting , unlikeable people
are more involving than this mess .
are more involving than this mess
generic slasher-movie nonsense
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
this stuck pig of a movie
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
is bad
a bland animated sequel
bland animated sequel
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
an amateurish screenplay
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it
trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness ,
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness
boredom to the point of collapse
boredom to the point
boredom
into a black hole of dullness
a black hole of dullness
no interesting concept
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
the laziness and arrogance
laziness and arrogance
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie
ugly , pointless , stupid
, pointless , stupid
pointless , stupid
without much of a story
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ,
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
horrible '' and `` terrible
'' and `` terrible
`` terrible
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
wildly incompetent
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river
is one that should be thrown back in the river
should be thrown back in the river
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
as one of the worst films of the summer
one of the worst films of the summer
the worst films of the summer
the worst films
worst films
, ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
an unfunny movie
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
it fails
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
the result is more puzzling than unsettling
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
dull , brain-deadening hangover
a lackluster script and substandard performances
unencouraging
dimwits
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
, then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
then becomes unwatchable
becomes unwatchable
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
is painfully bad ,
is painfully bad
painfully bad
a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
and just plain dumb
plain dumb
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff ,
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
such a lousy way
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a -
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
as bad as you think
worse than you can imagine
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca n't overcome , but
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca n't overcome
problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca n't overcome
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison
makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
the dullest kiddie flicks
dullest kiddie flicks
... really horrible drek .
really horrible drek .
really horrible
the yawning chasm where the plot should be
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
formulaic and forgettable
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off
dim-witted and lazy spin-off
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
truly awful
is flawed
the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
a confusing drudgery .
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
of hollywood fluff
... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
seriously , folks , it does n't work .
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
ridiculous dialog
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
would reach for a barf bag
reach for a barf bag
for a barf bag
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
their cruel fate
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight
the mediocre end
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary
fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
fake , dishonest
it lacks in originality
lacks in originality
dread
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro
as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro
as tiresome as 9 seconds
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
, he has no clue about making a movie
he has no clue about making a movie
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies
hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
paper-thin supporting characters
is sappy and amateurish
sappy and amateurish
, the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
linking a halfwit plot
halfwit plot
next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
feels clumsy and convoluted
lots of sloppiness
flat , misguided comedy
, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
it 's offensive
it 's boring
's boring
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
starts off so bad
that you feel like running out screaming
you feel like running out screaming
feel like running out screaming
, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
painfully awful
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
absolutely and completely ridiculous
completely ridiculous
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
horrible pains
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
that 's superficial and unrealized
's superficial and unrealized
half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
, few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
it plays worse now
familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .
come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc
very stilted in its dialogue
this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
is disappointingly generic .
is disappointingly generic
disappointingly generic
so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap ,
feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap
with maggots crawling on a dead dog
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
, by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
has not spawned a single good film .
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
most incoherent
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
a pint-sized ` goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense ,
, it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
's not a very good movie in any objective sense
, american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
this ludicrous film
ludicrous film
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
's just tediously bad
something to be fully forgotten
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
needed so badly but what is virtually absent
by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat
the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat
but this cliff notes edition is a cheat
a lackluster screenplay
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities
the tale with bogus profundities
with bogus profundities
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
dull-witted
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean ,
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean
's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
as bad at it is cruel
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it
falls flat as a spoof
dismissed as mindless
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
skip this dreck ,
skip this dreck
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
but never less than pure wankery .
less than pure wankery .
than pure wankery
very stupid and annoying .
very stupid and annoying
stupid and annoying
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
bogs down in insignificance
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
a surprisingly anemic disappointment
impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
it too is a bomb .
is a bomb .
is a bomb
bomb
crummy .
nothing about this movie works .
charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
lacking in substance
not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
this overstuffed , erratic dramedy
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie ,
and some staggeringly boring cinema
some staggeringly boring cinema
staggeringly boring
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten
the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
ended up in a movie this bad
in a movie this bad
a movie this bad
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
, it 's pretty stupid .
it 's pretty stupid .
's pretty stupid .
's pretty stupid
pretty stupid
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
spectacularly ugly-looking broad
miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ,
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
phoney-feeling sentiment
disgust ,
disgust
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
coarse , cliched and clunky
, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
seriously dumb characters
seriously dumb
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb-
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb-
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer
badly edited , 91-minute trailer
badly edited
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
ordinary and obvious
banal and predictable .
you expect more from director michael apted -lrb- enigma -rrb- and screenwriter nicholas kazan -lrb- reversal of fortune -rrb- than this cliche pileup .
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
is nearly incoherent
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
it 's impossible to care who wins
, i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
's , it 's simply unbearable
it 's simply unbearable
's simply unbearable
two hours of junk .
two hours of junk
easily forgettable film .
easily forgettable film
forgettable film
, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast
the waste of a good cast
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
quite one of the worst movies of the year
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
an almost unbearably morbid
almost unbearably
is distressingly rote
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess
a real shame
is a slapdash mess
slapdash mess
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste --
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
is of overwhelming waste
overwhelming waste
there 's nothing resembling a spine here
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
's also not very good
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
dull and mechanical ,
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
the endless action sequences
be made on the cheap
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking ,
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
plummets into a comedy graveyard
` swept away ' sinks .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ...
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
this painfully unfunny farce
painfully unfunny farce
painfully unfunny
make like the title and dodge this one .
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ,
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit
an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit
remove spider-man the movie
it 's uninteresting .
into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
a dumb comedy
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
baffled by jason x.
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
vicious and absurd
do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
of describing badness
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
invented to describe exactly how bad it is
to describe exactly how bad it is
describe exactly how bad it is
exactly how bad it is
suffers because of its many excesses
the film 's -rrb- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
own most damning censure
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
this flat effort
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
a lumbering , wheezy drag
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
a horrible , 99-minute
horrible , 99-minute
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in .
if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
an inexplicable nightmare ,
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking
in bad filmmaking
bad filmmaking
even while his characters are acting horribly
his characters are acting horribly
are acting horribly
acting horribly
another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .
is as generic as its title .
an awful lot like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
get out your pooper-scoopers .
has no real point
if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
messy and frustrating ,
seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest
has already reached its expiration date
of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes
racist japanese jokes
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
, i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ...
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces
in a giant pile of elephant feces
a giant pile of elephant feces
of elephant feces
positively dreadful
this is just lazy writing .
is just lazy writing .
is just lazy writing
is just lazy
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive
watching your favorite pet get buried alive
no unifying rhythm or
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
hideously and clumsily
hideously and
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
should be relegated to a dark video store corner
meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
... unbearably lame .
unbearably lame .
lame .
lacks the charisma and ability
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat
the slapstick is labored , and
less than fresh
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
low-grade dreck
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
a lousy script ,
a lousy script
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
poorly dubbed
, it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .
it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .
has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside ,
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight
it 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated
it 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
that movie was pretty bad
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
self-amused trash
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't
is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
more likely to induce sleep than fright
likely to induce sleep than fright
to induce sleep than fright
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
is so deadly dull
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
barely tolerable slog
barely tolerable
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
such a horrible movie
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
worst cinematic tragedies
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
has popped up with more mindless drivel
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
hollow , self-indulgent
- worst of all -
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives
loud , low-budget and tired formula film
loud , low-budget and tired
low-budget and tired
-lrb- reno -rrb- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al.
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
poor remake
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
offers no new insight on the matter
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school
ca n't act
weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school
-lrb- a -rrb- poorly executed comedy .
snide
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
profoundly stupid affair
profoundly stupid
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
hackneyed and meanspirited
arrest development in a dead-end existence
the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
is all too predictable and far too cliched
too predictable and far too cliched
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel
gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
should scare any sane person away
scare any sane person away
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke -
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke
's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen
depressing to see how far herzog has fallen
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
save everyone the misery
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
emptiness and maddeningly
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly
elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly
mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered --
essentially ruined -- or , rather ,
essentially ruined -- or
essentially ruined --
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
a pathetic exploitation film
been called freddy gets molested by a dog
freddy gets molested
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
intellectually and logistically a mess .
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
your disgust and your indifference
succeeded only in making me groggy
, stay away .
stay away .
stay away
outwardly sexist
feels impersonal , almost generic
derivative , overlong , and bombastic --
, overlong , and bombastic
overlong , and bombastic
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie
unsuccessful
did no one on the set have a sense of humor
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
yourself praying for a quick resolution
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
bad direction and bad acting --
bad direction and bad acting
bad direction
the trifecta of badness
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
you have no affinity for most of the characters .
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
complete shambles
of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
so sloppy , so uneven , so
so sloppy , so uneven
so sloppy
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
this supposedly funny movie
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
all this emotional misery
this emotional misery
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
a real snooze .
real snooze .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
then just fell apart
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy ,
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness ,
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness
its idiocy
at its utterly misplaced earnestness
utterly misplaced
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ...
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes
below is well below expectations .
is well below expectations .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
had to sit through it again
cruelly
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again
wo n't be sitting through this one again
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
it feels more forced than usual .
more forced than usual
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
cheap junk and
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
watching an iceberg melt -- only
off-puttingly cold
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
that it 's a brazenly misguided project
brazenly misguided project
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
's worse , routine
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
gratingly unfunny groaner
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
making his wife look so bad in a major movie
look so bad in a major movie
so bad in a major movie
bad in a major movie
should have gone straight to video .
the most annoying thing
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .
lacks dramatic punch and depth
what an embarrassment .
an embarrassment .
embarrassment .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
fairly slow
, poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
poorly acted ,
poorly acted
brain-slappingly bad
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
slow death
the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
how lame
too predictably
's 51 times better than this .
shocked to discover that seinfeld 's real life is boring
is boring
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
the film to drag on for nearly three hours
film to drag on for nearly three hours
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions
drowned me in boredom .
drowned me in boredom
drowned me
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
, it 's still not a good movie
dullingly repetitive
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one --
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one
a terrible movie , just
a terrible movie ,
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
the most awful acts
-lrb- lee -rrb- treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
hideous
one of the worst films of 2002 .
of the worst films of 2002
the worst films of 2002
sketchy characters and immature provocations
succeed at cheapening it
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care
to decide what annoyed me most about god is great
is classic nowheresville in every sense
tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
been bland
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
's hard to like a film so cold and dead
a film so cold and dead
cold and dead
schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression
is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
corniness and cliche
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set
is a vulgar
cheap-looking version
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
no solace here , no entertainment value ,
no solace here , no entertainment value
no entertainment value
ponderous awfulness of its script .
ponderous awfulness of its script
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party
some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
works on no level whatsoever for me .
works on no level whatsoever for me
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
how very bad a motion picture can truly be
how very bad
i still want my money back .
still want my money back .
want my money back .
want my money back
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
fails to spark this leaden comedy
exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
thumbs down .
thumbs down
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
a bad imitation
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
too many tried-and-true shenanigans
's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list
is overkill to the highest degree .
is overkill to the highest degree
overkill to the highest degree
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
the movie 's various victimized audience members
comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
why is this so boring ?
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
badly-rendered
its dying
bad movie .
a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
cinematic pratfalls
the terrifying message
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them
the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
absurd finale
an inexpressible and drab wannabe
and drab wannabe
drab wannabe
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional
a hokey piece of nonsense
whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
very insecure
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
for a critical and commercial disaster
a critical and commercial disaster
critical and commercial disaster
wewannour money back ,
deserving of its critical backlash and more
about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
top of the same old crap
the same old crap
same old crap
old crap
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike
be distasteful to children and adults alike
, eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
is a total misfire .
is a total misfire
a total misfire
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
seems embarrassed by his own invention and
seems embarrassed by his own invention
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .
ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ...
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone
again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone
the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
the story is bogus
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
totally overwrought ,
deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
the banality and hypocrisy
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos
ugly , mean-spirited lashing
too many barney videos
result in a movie that works against itself
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
completely awful iranian drama ...
completely awful iranian drama
completely awful
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
the film 's hero is a bore and
inexcusable dumb
inexcusable
it is essentially empty
slap her - she 's not funny
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama
makes it a failure as straight drama
it a failure as straight drama
a failure as straight drama
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom
no , i hate it .
, i hate it .
i hate it .
a ghost story gone badly awry
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
, but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us :
tony gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before
watching it was painful .
watching it was painful
was painful
reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
i 've never seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...
've never seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...
seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
-rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
there , done that ... a thousand times already
done that ... a thousand times already
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
each scene wreaks of routine ;
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
quite unengaging
fluffy and disposible
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ...
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
kills every sense of believability
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
laugh at how bad
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score
maddeningly insistent and repetitive
insistent and repetitive
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and
as ugly as the shabby digital photography
ugly as the shabby digital photography
as the shabby digital photography
the shabby digital photography
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
kiddie-oriented stinker
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
sneak out of the theater
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' -
's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script ,
fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever
is the most disappointing woody allen movie
the most disappointing woody allen movie
most disappointing woody allen movie
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
abysmally pathetic
are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
childlike dimness and
is to see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .
is to see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best
a child 's pain
difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
, unsubtle and hollywood-predictable
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
offended by his lack of faith in his audience
ultimately lifeless
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes
unembarrassing but unmemorable
none of his actors stand out ,
none of his actors stand out
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ,
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
nothing 's happening
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
is an all-time low for kevin costner .
an all-time low for kevin costner
all-time low
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
... is dudsville .
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears
a movie as artificial and soulless
as artificial and soulless
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
film ' in the worst sense of the expression
the worst sense of the expression
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
most poorly staged and
is as close as you can get to an imitation movie
an imitation movie
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
the master of disguise is funny -- not
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
an unholy mess
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
pathetic idea
crummy-looking videotape
by surrounding himself with untalented people
the crap continues .
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
, is repellantly out of control .
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
follows into melodrama and silliness
horrible .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
in this dreary mess
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
, the update is dreary and sluggish .
the update is dreary and sluggish .
is dreary and sluggish
watching junk like this
watching junk
creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
is a lumbering load of hokum but
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and
shamelessly manipulative and contrived
a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours
a boring , pretentious waste
boring , pretentious waste
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented
pathetic , starving and untalented
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
sordid of human behavior on the screen
an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
the endlessly repetitive scenes
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers
feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
the longest 90 minutes
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
it 's leaden and predictable ,
leaden and predictable
takes no apparent joy in making movies
see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from
a train wreck
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
terribly monotonous
that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
stale and
only obscure the message
awful complications
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni
it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical
a loud , ugly , irritating movie
loud , ugly , irritating movie
loud , ugly , irritating
, ugly , irritating
ugly , irritating
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
the , yes , snail-like pacing
snail-like pacing
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
ugly behavior
certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all
so devoid of artifice and purpose
appears not to have been edited at all
that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire
the lack-of-attention span
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
most repellent
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
with celluloid garbage
celluloid garbage
becomes instead a grating endurance test
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation
tired , unimaginative and derivative
, unimaginative and derivative
unimaginative and derivative
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film
find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
, hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
is sordid and disgusting .
is sordid and disgusting
sordid and disgusting
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament
the characters are so generic and
to burn out of your brain
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy
ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
do n't understand what on earth is going on
-lrb- t -rrb- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's too loud to shout insults at the screen
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
, this is the most visually unappealing .
this is the most visually unappealing .
is the most visually unappealing .
visually unappealing
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
more repulsive
-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is
reveals how bad an actress she is
how bad an actress she is
, the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
was so endlessly , grotesquely
grotesquely
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
under-inspired , overblown enterprise
that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
gives hollywood sequels a bad name
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow
a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to
the strange horror of life
slight , weightless fairy tale
damaged-goods
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
coma
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
super-sized infomercial
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs ,
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical
, simple-minded and stereotypical
death and mind-numbing indifference
in a shabby script
a shabby script
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -lrb- woo 's -rrb- best work
falls far short
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really ,
overwrought existentialism and
have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
of either cracking up or throwing up
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
mass drug-induced bowel
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric
a thoroughly awful movie --
a thoroughly awful movie
thoroughly awful movie
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ...
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy
dumb , narratively chaotic ,
dumb , narratively chaotic
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
, unmemorable filler .
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie
a bad premise , just a bad movie
a bad premise , just
carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
the insipid script
insipid script
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
in that something 's horribly wrong
horribly wrong
lacks in substance
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
distinctly sub-par
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
waste viewers ' time
it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101
like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101
an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
jason x is this bad on purpose
is this bad on purpose
this bad on purpose
she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
exploiting molestation for laughs
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
its inescapable absurdities
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
serviceable at worst
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references
one lousy movie
lousy movie
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd
together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
this tortured , dull artist
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
miscalculates badly
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
, the movie makes two hours feel like four .
makes two hours feel like four
two hours feel like four
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
grab your kids and run
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects
comes across as pretty dull and wooden
dull and wooden
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
for one of the worst movies of one year
one of the worst movies of one year
of the worst movies of one year
the worst movies of one year
directs an equally miserable film the following year
equally miserable film
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination
wasting away inside unnecessary films
abomination
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
has n't been worth caring about
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
deathly slow to any teen
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .
, i have given this movie a rating of zero .
i have given this movie a rating of zero .
have given this movie a rating of zero
given this movie a rating of zero
a rating of zero
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
listless and desultory
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure :
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure
's the worst movie of 2002
the worst movie of 2002
a brainless flibbertigibbet
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
relentlessly depressing
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
a less-than-thrilling thriller .
less-than-thrilling
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp
flopped as surely
flopped
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
a dull , somnambulant exercise
somnambulant exercise
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
that the movie has virtually nothing to show
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
than a mall movie designed to kill time
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film
dull , dumb and derivative horror
dumb and derivative horror
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
how the movie could be released in this condition
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
put through torture for an hour and a half
put through torture
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
think of this dog of a movie
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition .
it 's a pity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
a bottom-feeder sequel
leaves a lot to be desired .
a doa dud from frame one .
dud from frame one .
dud from frame one
fails to fascinate .
fails to fascinate
that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
mike myers shows up and ruins everything
shows up and ruins everything
-lrb- l -rrb- ame and unnecessary .
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary
buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary
's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness
redundancy and unsuccessful
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
lack contrast , are murky and
lack contrast , are murky
too dark to be decipherable
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
, graceless , hackneyed
confusion and pain
-lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
is more depressing than entertaining
more depressing than entertaining
depressing than entertaining
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
, this movie is hopeless
i usually dread encountering the most
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
cause massive cardiac arrest
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions
mystery devoid
be another shameless attempt by disney
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
disinterest
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden
maudlin and cliche-ridden
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad
must have been astronomically bad
have been astronomically bad
been astronomically bad
astronomically bad
it does n't work as either .
without any redeeming value whatsoever .
without any redeeming value whatsoever
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
plays like a bad soap opera ,
plays like a bad soap opera
bad soap opera
as terrible
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
flat , flat dialogue
says ` i 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed
this is f \*\*\* ed
is f \*\*\* ed
f \*\*\* ed
of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
nothing to gain from watching they
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
lame story
angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic
excruciatingly unfunny and
excruciatingly unfunny
pitifully unromantic
wince in embarrassment and others ,
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
farts , urine , feces , semen
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
careless and unfocused
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's
flawed and delayed
ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it
game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
doze off thirty minutes into the film
ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
sad nonsense
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire
a complete moron
complete moron
to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz
you think , zzzzzzzzz
think , zzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzz
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
especially disappointing
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
like bad cinema
bad cinema
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of american life
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
, nothing good can happen
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
taken the protagonists a full hour
must shoot it in the head
shoot it in the head
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance ,
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance
too long , too cutesy
too long ,
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
constantly unfulfilling
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
, this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
drown yourself in a lake afterwards
a lame comedy .
lame comedy .
it 's tough to watch
is n't very interesting actually
is n't very interesting
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination
self-destructiveness
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
for a film that has nothing
shame on writer\/director vicente aranda
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
adultery
visual hideousness
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .
no such thing is a big letdown .
a big letdown
big letdown
bad behavior
aimless for much of its running time
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
, hollywood ending is a depressing experience
i felt disrespected .
by the standards of knucklehead swill
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy ,
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
under-rehearsed and
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive
leaves an awful sour taste
just dreadful .
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
, desiccated talent
perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching
too bleak , too pessimistic
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
amazingly lame .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
the story 's pathetic and
the story 's pathetic
's pathetic
the gags are puerile .
are puerile
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
was so uninspiring
so uninspiring
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
soon-to-be-forgettable
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence
generic thriller junk .
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and
cold-fish
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
movies with giant plot holes
slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and
is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
is disappointingly
are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
unforgettably stupid
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
the worst dialogue
just plain bad .
plain bad .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .
neglecting character development
mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
not smart and not engaging
too bad none of it is funny .
storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
for dance completists only .
restrictive and chaotic
then again , i hate myself most mornings .
hate myself
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
is one dumb movie
dumb movie
just plain irrelevant
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
third-rate horror sequels
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
the tonal shifts are jolting , and
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
sad sack
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans
sure to ultimately disappoint the action
ultimately disappoint the action
and crude storyline
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .
too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
94-minute travesty
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
brutally labored and unfunny hokum
that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
falling short as a whole
the plot makes no sense
makes no sense
dull girl
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
-lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
, the movie is a disaster .
the movie is a disaster .
is a disaster .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is
suffers from a flat script and a low budget
stunningly unoriginal
ruined by amateurish
three hours and with very little story or character development
very little story or character
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -lrb- restored -rrb- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
utterly pointless
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
incessant whining
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
by shooting itself in the foot
hate this one
it 's not very good either .
is a just a waste .
is a just a waste
just a waste
crippled by poor casting .
behavior and severe flaws
severe flaws
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
an aimless hodgepodge
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
most of the characters forget their lines
a seriously bad film with seriously
a seriously bad film
seriously bad film
seriously bad
cinematic poo .
poo .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
of story and his juvenile camera movements
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
, it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
laziest
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet
she is unable to save the movie
unable to save the movie
that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes ,
that regurgitates and waters down many
depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
the whole mess
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years .
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
a transparently hypocritical work
to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying
ultimately unsatisfying
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .
wo n't stand the cold light of day
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
can get your money back
he is overwhelmed by predictability
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .
scuzzy
is not edward burns ' best film
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
a retread story , bad writing
a retread story
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless ,
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless
virtually joyless
near virtuosity in its crapulence
in its crapulence
squander on offal like this
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
slap me , i saw this movie .
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking
would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
is on full , irritating display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
is on full , irritating display
in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot
this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot
-rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import
meandering and pointless
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -lrb- or cinema seats -rrb-
the most repugnant adaptation
most repugnant adaptation
most repugnant
repugnant
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum
b-movie scum
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies
with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice
works better the less the brain is engaged
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting ,
an ungainly movie
it sucked .
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
goddammit
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
is really frustratingly timid and soggy
is a mess from start to finish .
is a mess from start to finish
a mess from start to finish
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
other words , about as bad a film
as bad a film
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover
the most ill-conceived animated comedy
most ill-conceived
does n't work for me
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about
an unremittingly ugly movie
unremittingly ugly movie
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
it 's that painful .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
the comedy is nonexistent .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man
wretched movie
wretched
the movie is hardly a masterpiece
is hardly a masterpiece
undisciplined
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
should stick to his day job .
equally derisive clunker
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
a drag
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
such a bad movie
in the end , there is n't much to it .
all the bad things in the world \/
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ;
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore .
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : `
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be :
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline
, no one can hear you snore
lurid and less than lucid work
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .
if there 's a heaven for bad movies
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
seem like a bad idea from frame one
like a bad idea from frame one
a bad idea from frame one
a bad idea
, signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
irritates and saddens me
explode obnoxiously
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -lrb- of which they 'll get plenty -rrb- fills me with revulsion .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
fills me with revulsion .
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
looked like crap
should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home
did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash
the adventures of direct-to-video nash
repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
absurdly simplistic picture
absurdly simplistic
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
the film 's lack of personality
from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes
the dullest irish pub scenes
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
not one clever line of dialogue
not one clever line
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
unimaginatively
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
christian right propaganda machine
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
a script that assumes you are n't very bright
you are n't very bright
are n't very bright
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story .
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
excessively tiresome
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
lumpy as two-day old porridge
as two-day old porridge
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
over this `` un-bear-able '' project
un-bear-able '' project
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
a computer-generated cold fish
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
a more annoying
more annoying
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting
he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
render it anything but laughable
anything but laughable
an even less capable trio
illiterate
inert sci-fi action thriller
haneke 's script -lrb- from elfriede jelinek 's novel -rrb- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
contrived , unmotivated , and
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all --
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
treading water at best in this forgettable effort
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters
is a disaster ,
, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
, the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
as appalling as any ` comedy '
appalling as any ` comedy '
an expiration date passed a long time ago
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
even the corniest and most hackneyed
the corniest
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and
unimpressively fussy
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
an awful movie that
an awful movie
awful movie
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ,
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
the story together frustrating difficult
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
an empty , ugly exercise
empty , ugly exercise
in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
after you laugh once -lrb- maybe twice -rrb- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
get back to your car in the parking lot
flounders under the weight of too many story lines
flounders
is both a snore and utter tripe .
is both a snore and utter tripe
a snore and utter tripe
utter tripe
is that it does n't make any sense .
does n't make any sense
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise
he has no character , loveable or otherwise
has no character , loveable or otherwise
no character , loveable or otherwise
no character ,
unsatisfying ending
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
if you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
like a can of 2-day old coke .
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
not amused by the sick sense of humor
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
and crude humor
you might as well be watching a rerun
might as well be watching a rerun
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
rollerball left us cold
left us cold
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
this mess of a movie
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
have to admit i walked out of runteldat
to admit i walked out of runteldat
admit i walked out of runteldat
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
's always disappointing
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
a frustrating ` tweener ' --
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
become annoying and artificial
annoying and artificial
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
torture and self-mutilation
does n't have anything really interesting to say .
a total loss
condescension from every pore .
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
quite a nosedive
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
inane and unimaginative
i had a lot of problems with this movie .
had a lot of problems with this movie .
a lot of problems
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
dehumanizing
-- but bad -- movie
like a cold old man going through the motions
spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
to its ultimate demise
that feels dusty and leatherbound
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .
is throwing up his hands in surrender ,
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
does n't really know or care about the characters , and
does n't really know or care about the characters ,
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
disgusting to begin with
you 're in for a painful ride .
for a painful ride
a painful ride
painful ride
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull
journalistically dubious , inept
often lethally dull
the sheer dumbness of the plot -lrb- other than its one good idea -rrb- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
the sheer dumbness of the plot -lrb- other than its one good idea -rrb- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
sheer dumbness
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
unforgivingly inconsistent
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
'' is a big time stinker .
is a big time stinker .
is a big time stinker
big time stinker
time stinker
quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic
getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic
a disaster of a drama
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
's the perfect cure for insomnia .
the perfect cure for insomnia
coupling disgracefully written dialogue
disgracefully written dialogue
circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good
miserably
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
the dreadfulness
dreadfulness
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
dull in its lack of poetic frissons
glacially paced , and often just plain dull
paced , and often just plain dull
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies
me feel unclean
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
and it 's a lousy one at that .
it 's a lousy one at that .
a lousy one
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
i could just skip it
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
blasphemous bad
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
is loopy and ludicrous
a bad-movie way
bad-movie
laborious pacing
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
in increasingly incoherent fashion
, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way
a movie with no reason for being
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
dark , dull thriller
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
a movie that 's just plain awful but still
that 's just plain awful but still
's just plain awful but still
just plain awful but still
just plain awful but
just plain awful
plain awful
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay
terminally brain dead production .
terminally brain dead production
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
overweight and out of shape
grisly corpse
self-referential hot air
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
a snail 's pace
the acting is n't much better .
ultimately pointless
no substance
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
sending the audience straight to hell
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
a markedly inactive film ,
was n't at least watchable
want to string the bastard up .
string the bastard up
, the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
feels rigged and sluggish
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
argentine american beauty reeks
american beauty reeks
staggeringly dreadful romance .
dreadful romance .
fails him
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
this pathetic junk
pathetic junk
, so dumb
so dumb
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
herzog simply runs out of ideas
simply runs out of ideas
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
as tawdry trash
tawdry trash
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
lags badly
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
entirely infantile
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
like a side dish no one ordered
a ragbag of cliches .
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy
burnt-out
disgusting .
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
will be lulled into a coma .
be lulled into a coma
lulled into a coma
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera
conceivable mistake
almost perpetually wasted
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
sets a new benchmark for lameness .
a new benchmark for lameness
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids ,
i 've got to give it thumbs down
've got to give it thumbs down
got to give it thumbs down
to give it thumbs down
give it thumbs down
it thumbs down
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
die hideously
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
it takes to describe how bad it is
takes to describe how bad it is
to describe how bad it is
describe how bad it is
so incredibly inane
incredibly inane
the french director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
, excruciatingly tedious
